Module 2: Container Connector in Action
=======================================

This section of the lab will cover creating OpenShift resources that the F5
Container Connector will process and use to update the BIG-IP configuration
and leverages the work you did in the previous sections.

The Container Connector watches for events being generated by the Openshift API
server and takes action when it sees an OpenShift ConfigMap or Route resource
that has an F5-specific label defined. The Container Connector parses the
ConfigMap or Route resource and updates the BIG-IP configuration to match the
desired state as defined by those resources.

In addition to watching and responding to events in real time, the Container
Connector periodically queries the OpenShift API for the current status and
updates the BIG-IP as needed. This interval (verify-interval) is 30 seconds
by default but is a startup value that can be modified.

An instance of the Container Connector can watch for changes in all namespaces
(projects), a single namespace or a discrete list of namespaces. Additionally,
an instance of the Container Connector is configured to make configuration
changes in a single non-Common BIG-IP partition.

OpenShift runs on top of Kubernetes and the same Container Connector works for
both, but many of the Container Connector features apply to both while some
apply only to OpenShift, like Routes, while others, like Ingress, apply only
to Kubernetes.

You can find detailed information about configuring, deploying and using the
F5 Container Connector as well as configuration options for ConfigMaps and
Routes https://clouddocs.f5.com/containers/v2/#

Additionally, you can get more detailed information about an OpenShift command
by using **oc <command> -help**.  So, for example, if you wanted to find out
more about the **oc create** command, you would do the following:

.. code-block:: bash

   oc create -help

In the following labs, you will create the following OpenShift resource
types:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :glob:

   lab*
